###Estimation
> - I think it'll take me roughly an hour to finish the new feature addition. I'll be doing the backend features and I think it'll require me to add two new files to the project along with editing a resource file to include the new commands. Our project was built so that each command would be a new class so for me to add two more commands, it would just require me to have to create two new classes. I have to edit the resource file so that when the commands are created through reflection, it'll know where to look to create the new commands.

###Review
> - Adding this new feature required approximately an hour.
> - I ended up having to add five new files instead of just two. I had to figure out a way for the window commands to be very flexible and easy to extend for future window commands. I couldn't just use an if-statement because that wouldn't be good design. As a result, I had to create a new interface called Window that would represent the type of window that Slogo would implement. This window could be set by the Fence or Continuous commands (Continuous refers to the default window that our team original constructed). I then had to create two classes that implement that window, called FenceWindow and ContinuousWindow. The Fence command would then simply set the window to be a FenceWindow, and this would take care of the window border of the application.
> - I definitely didn't get this feature right the first try, or even the second or third try. I had to really consider the design aspect of implementing this feature, since I would want any future windows to be implemented with ease. I originally just a String that represented the type of window and then used if-statements to figure out the movement of the Turtle at the border based on the type of window. However, I realize that this is poor design, and so I had to figure out a completely separate way, which took a lot more thinking than I originally anticipated.

###Analysis
> - I think this exercise reveals that our project's design is very flexible in some aspects, but not entirely flexible in other aspects. Our project performs extremely well when adding a new command, but surprisingly I don't think it was built extremely flexible when it came to window borders specifically. We never created a specific window border attribute for the project, so it was actually a bit more difficult than I expected to add this new feature to the project. Additionally, the window border has a heavy dependence on the movement command of the turtle. This could potentially cause some problems, since the movement command itself has front-end dependencies, an issue I addressed in the Slogo analysis. As a result, implementing a wrapping window border could be extremely difficult.
> - The design of the overall project itself isn't as good as a remembered it to be, especially after having to implement this window feature. While I still believe that we did create a project with good design and great extensibility in some aspects, there are a few things that we could improve. One of these key features we would have to improve is the movement command. If we can separate the movement command from the front-end, then this will greatly improve the ability to construct different window borders. However, because of this dependence, it's harder to create window border commands in the backend, since the backend team isn't entirely aware of how the front-end operates. As a result, implementing something like wrapping almost seems impossible.
> - If I was not familiar with the code at all, I think it definitely would've taken me a lot of time to figure out how to add in this window border feature. I had to actually go into our Movement command class and add in a new method that checked for the type of window border in order for the Fence command to work. If I didn't know the code well, I probably wouldn't have been able to do this. Additionally, I had to add a new Window instance variable into our TurtleProperties class, which may prove to be of the same difficulty as adding the method to the Movement command class. 
