#Estimation
 * I think that it will take me about an hour to plan and implement this features.
 * I think I will have to add one class on the frontend to accomodate the new feature, as well as change two or three.
 Due to some weird, and bad, overall design that I discussed at length in my SLOGO analysis, I will probably have to modify
 2 to 3 classes on the backend as well.

#Review
 * It took me about an hour to design and implement the feature.
 * I had to modify 11 files to implement the feature. One file was a resources file that I had to add a string that was displayed to. I had to modify 1 file in the backend in order to obtain a map of the ID to the image for each turtle, and I had to modify two files in the controller so that I could share this map with the front end.  In the front end I had to modify an abstract class PaletteDisplay, which took in a map of integers to strings and displayed its contents, so that it could use any map with an Integer key. It then had to modify its two subclasses, colordisplay and imagedisplay, so that they worked with the new superclass. I then modified ImageDisplay so that it could be used as a superclass for my new TurtleImageDisplay class as the image display already handled the basics of displaying an index and image pair.  I then modified one of my toolbar subclasses to add the button that would open the display, and an enum to add size values. Finally I added a new class called TurtleImageDisplay which is a subclass of ImageDisplay, which is the class that actually displays the turtles id and its image and allows the user to change it by clicking on the image.
 * Yes I got the implementation right on the first try, and then I went back and refactored out some duplicated code to make the final product cleaner.
 
#Analysis
 * When I went back to this code I was reminded of the issues in our overall design since I had to modify files in the model and controller to even obtain the information I wanted to display. However, I was happy with the front end design as the abstraction already in place in the front end in the palettedisp class and its subclasses made implementing the frontend part of this feature extremely easy as most of the basic code was already written in palettedisp and ImageDisplay. So all I had to do was abstract the classes a little further to work with a more general map, and allow the user to click the photo. I also already had a class, ImageChooser,  written that opened a file chooser for images and returned the chosen file. So even most of the code for allowing the user to choose a new image was already written. I was happy with the documentation on the front end as every protected or public method had javadoc documentation which made finding the right method to use easier.
 * The overall design of the project could definitely be improved as there were portions of frontend code in the model (which I discussed at length in my SLOGO analysis), which is bad as it introduces dependencies, and makes it difficult for the frontend to display certain data. Other than that the existing frontend structure made the implementation of the display fairly trivial, so not much needs to be improved on that end.
 * I think it would have been harder to do if I wasn't familiar with the code at all. I feel like I could still have modified the backend to work with the feature in about the same amount of time, since I was basically unfamiliar with the backend anyway. Modifiying the frontend would have been harder as I don't think I would have known that there were already abstract classes that did essentially what I wanted to do, or it would have taken more hunting to find those classes, so if I had no experience with the project I would have had to probably write a lot more code to implement the feature.